<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    <h:head>
        <title>Student Affairs Page</title>
        <style type="text/css">
body {
     font: 10pt Verdana, Arial, Georgia, sans-serif;
     background-image: url('images/aboutus_16.jpg');
     background-repeat: repeat-x;
     margin-left: 0px;
     margin-top: 0px;
     margin-right: 0px;
     margin-bottom: 0px;
}
#nav {
      width:150px;
      float:left;
      margin-top:12px;
      margin-right:18px;
      text-decoration: none;
}
#content {
         width:1000px;
         float:left;
         font: 12px Verdana, Arial, Georgia, sans-serif;
         color:#4b545f;
         line-height:17px;
}
#nav a{
    text-decoration: none;
}
#content a{
    text-decoration: none;
    color: #4b545f;
    font-family:Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 11px;
}
#content a:hover{
    text-decoration:  underline;
}
#nav ul{
    list-style: none;
    margin: 12px 0px 0px 0px;;
    padding: 0px;
}
#nav ul li{
    border-bottom: 1px solid #ffffff;
}
#nav ul li a:link, #nav ul li a:visited{
    font-size: 10pt;
    font-weight: bold;
    display: block;
    padding: 3px 0px 3px 3px;
    background-color: #628794;
    color: #ffffff;
}
#nav ul li a:hover, #nav ul li a:active{
    font-size: 10pt;
    font-weight: bold;
    display: block;
    padding: 3px 0px 3px 3px;
    background-color: #c6a648;
    color: #000000;
}
#nav ul ul{
    margin: 0px;
    padding: 0px;
    display: none;
}
#nav ul li:hover > ul{
    display: block;
}
#nav ul ul li{
    border-bottom: none;
}
#nav ul ul li a:link, #nav ul ul li a:visited{
    font-size: 8pt;
    font-weight: bold;
    display: block;
    padding: 3px 0px 3px 18px;
    background-color: #628794;
    color: #ffffff;
}
#nav ul ul li a:hover, #nav ul ul li a:active{
    font-size: 8pt;
    font-weight: bold;
    display: block;
    padding: 3px 0px 3px 18px;
    background-color: #c6a648;
    color: #000000;
}
td{
 color: #ffffff; 
 font: 8pt Verdana; 
}
td a{
    color: #CCCCCC;
    text-decoration: none;  
}
td a:hover{
    text-decoration: underline;
}
td.footerheader{
   color: gold; 
   font-weight:  bolder;
   font: 12pt Verdana;   
}
td.footercontent{
    color: #FF0000;
    font-weight: normal; 
}
td.footer{
    color: #CCCCCC;
}
</style>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
<h:graphicImage value="images/about.jpg" width="1349" height="170"></h:graphicImage>
        <br></br>
        <div id="nav">
            <ul>
                <li><h:outputLink value="homepage.xhtml">Home Page</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#">Mission</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#">History</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#">Lecturers</h:outputLink>
                    <ul>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#">&raquo; Senior Lecturers</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#">&raquo; Junior Lecturers</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#">&raquo; Lab Attendants</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#">&raquo; Professors</h:outputLink></li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#">Contact Us</h:outputLink></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <br></br>
        <h2><center>Student Affairs Division</center></h2>
        <div id="content">   
            <p align="justify">On this page: <h:outputLink id="top"></h:outputLink></p>
            <ul>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#Intro">Introduction</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#HA">Hostel Accommodation</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#CU">Counseling Unit</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#SAU">Students Activities Unit</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#ILSBU">Identification, Loans, Scholarships and Bursaries Unit</h:outputLink></li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#SFA">Scholarships and Financial Aid</h:outputLink>
                    <ul>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#PG">Postgraduate</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#UG"> Undergraduate</h:outputLink></li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li><h:outputLink value="#WSJP">Work Study and Job Placement</h:outputLink>
                    <ul>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#OBJ">Objectives</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#Op">Operations</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#EfP">Eligibility for Participation</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#RP">Registration Procedure</h:outputLink></li>
                        <li><h:outputLink value="#Rem">Remuneration</h:outputLink></li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
</ul>
            <h:outputLink id="Intro"></h:outputLink><span>Introduction [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
            <p align="justify">This Division of the Vice-Chancellor's Office  which deals with the coordination of student affairs is headed by a  Professor with the title "Dean of Student Affairs".
                He reports to the  Vice-Chancellor for the efficient execution of those policies formulated  by the Students Welfare Board (a standing Committee of Senate) 
                and  approved by the Vice-Chancellor.</p>
            <p align="justify">The Student Affairs Office comprises the following five Units:</p>
            <ol>
    <li>Accommodation</li>
    <li>Counseling</li>
    <li>Students' Activities and International Students Affairs.</li>
    <li>Identification, Scholarships, Loans and Bursaries</li>
    <li>Work Study and Job Placement</li>
</ol>
            <p align="justify">In addition, the office takes part in the activities of all University .committees dealing with student matters.</p>
            <h:outputLink id="HA"></h:outputLink><span>Hostel Accommodation [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink> ]</span>
            <p align="justify">The University of Lagos was primarily  conceived as a University which is expected to provide tuition to a 
                non-residential student population. However, factors like high rent cost  of transportation and traffic have led to a 
                review of this policy by  each succeeding University Administration. Over the years, the  University, as a humanitarian gesture,
                has been providing accommodation  to a reasonable percentage of its student population. As of now, over  6,000 students are accommodated 
                in our 13 Halls ,of Residence. These  include virtually all foreign students who applied for accommodation.</p>
             <p align="justify">The priority order for allocation into the  Halls of Residence is as follows: final year students, Students' Union 
             Executives, foreign students, sportsmen and women, and first year  students. The University's off-campus accommodation policy is'  
             applicable to all 2nd Year students. Nevertheless, both residential and  non-residential students enjoy common on-campus facilities of catering, 
             sports and recreation, Clubs and associations and health services.</p>
            <h:outputLink id="CU"></h:outputLink><span>Counseling Unit [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
            <p align="justify">Services rendered by this Unit include:</p>
            
            <ol>
                <li>Provision of Counseling assistance for students making career decisions <br></br>
                 and/or looking for employment</li>
                <li>Maintenance of a resource library of general occupation information and records of private and public employers</li>
                <li>Organization of workshops and provision of career  information. teaching of job-hunting skills and preparation of  curricular vitae</li>
                <li>Arrangement of interview programs on campus for graduating students. <br></br>
                seeking full-time employment</li>
            </ol>
            <h:outputLink id="SAU"></h:outputLink><span>Students Activities Unit [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
            <p align="justify">This unit concentrates on all matters relating  to student activities and welfare. The unit organises elections and
                relates to students' representatives on a day-to-day basis. The Student  Activities' Unit also handles issues with the National Youth 
                Service  Scheme (NYSC) for graduating students. Also coordinates co-curricular  activities of students which include clubs and societies. 
                sporting  activities, election of Student Union Executives, etc.</p>
             <h:outputLink id="ILSBU"></h:outputLink><span>Identification, Scholarships, Loan and Bursaries Unit [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
             <p align="justify">The Unit coordinates matters relating to  Students' I. D. Cards, Scholarships, Loans and Bursaries for both  undergraduate and 
                 postgraduate students.</p>
             <h:outputLink id="SFA"></h:outputLink><span>Scholarships And Financial Aid [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
             
             <h:outputLink id="PG"></h:outputLink><span>Postgraduate Scholarship[ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
             <p align="justify">The Senate has instituted a Postgraduate  Scholarship to encourage graduate students of exceptional merit 
                 to  undertake studies for higher degrees in this University.</p>
             <p align="justify">The conditions of the award are as follows:</p>
             <ol>
                <li>The scholarships are awarded annually by the Senate on  the advice of the Scholarships, Loans and Bursaries Committee, having  considered nominations from teaching units.</li>
                <li>Only students of the University who have obtained a  Bachelor's Degree with at least Second Class Honours (Upper Division)  or the equivalent are considered for the awards.</li>
                <li>Senate may make more than five awards in anyone year for postgraduate studies in any recognised field.</li>
                <li>The award covers lodging, feeding, book and equipment. The value in addition to free tuition is as follows;
             <ul>
                 <li>N5,750.00 (Arts)</li>
                 <li>N7,000.00 (Science).</li>
             </ul>
             </li>
             <li>The award covers the normal duration of the degree course subject to good progress report on the scholar by his supervisor.</li>
             </ol>
             <h5 align="justify"><h:outputLink id="UG"></h:outputLink><span>Undergraduate Awards Tenable in the University [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span></h5>
             <ol>
    <li>African American Institute</li>
    <li>A. G. Leventis Nig. Limited</li>
    <li>Arney Road Tone</li>
    <li>Association of African University</li>
    <li>Commonwealth Scholar</li>
    <li>Elder Dempster Agency</li>
    <li>Gulf Oil of Nigeria Limited</li>
    <li>International Merchant Bank (1MB)</li>
    <li>International University Exchange Fund</li>
    <li>Julius Berger Nigeria Limited</li>
    <li>Mobil Oil Nigeria Limited</li>
    <li>National Library of Nigeria</li>
    <li>National Electric Power Authority (NEPA)</li>
    <li>Nigerian Army and Navy Scholarship</li>
    <li>Nigerian Breweries Limited</li>
    <li>P. Z. and Co. Nigeria Limited</li>
    <li>Shell B. P. Petroleum Development of Nigeria Ltd.</li>
    <li>U.A.C. of Nigeria Limited</li>
    <li>United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)</li>
    <li>United States Information Services (USIS)</li>
    <li>Van Leer Containers Co.</li>
    <li>Nigerian Tobacco Co. Limited</li>
    <li>Federal Cameroon Government Scholarship</li>
    <li>Federal Republic of Germany</li>
    <li>Mobil Exploration of Nigeria Scholarship</li>
    <li>Nigerian Ports Authority</li>
    <li>Elf Nigeria Limited</li>
    <li>Standard Bank of Nigeria Limited</li>
    <li>West African Portland Cement Co. Limited</li>
    <li>Federal Government of Nigeria Scholarship</li>
    <li>Federal Government of Nigeria (State) Scholarship</li>
    <li>Seven-Up Company</li>
    <li>Nigeria National Petroleum Company (NNPC)</li>
    <li>The United Nigeria Insurance Company Limited (UNIC)</li>
    <li>Nigerian Postal Services (NIPOST)</li>
    <li>Various Philanthropists.</li>
</ol>
             <h:outputLink id="WSJP"></h:outputLink><span>Work-Study/Job Placement Unit [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
             <p align="justify">The Work-Study Program (WSP) under the  Work-Study Unit is a scheme designed to help students to reduce the  
                 burden of financing their education.</p>
<p align="justify">The inception of this laudable program,  first of its kind in Nigeria, at the University of Lagos has come at a 
    time when the general economic situation in the country dictates that  students must look for ways of augmenting their finances. 
    With increases  in the cost of living index, and resultant increases in the cost of  tertiary education, coupled with limited number
    and value of  scholarships and bursaries, and difficulties in obtaining educational  loans, it may be near impossible for the generality
    of students to have  access to higher education without tears.</p>
<p align="justify">The Work-Study Program which enables  students to work on a part-time basis and earn some money in the process  is, 
    therefore, a novel scheme capable of alleviating and cushioning the  effects of the economic environment on the quests of students for  higher education.</p>
   <h:outputLink id="OBJ"></h:outputLink><span>Objectives [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>     
   <ul>
    <li>The objectives of the Work-Study Program include:</li>
    <li>To alleviate the financial burden of students through part -time and vacation employment</li>
    <li>To enable the generality of students appreciate the dignity of labour and the essence of working</li>
    <li>To enable students acquire some useful work-experience while pursuing their courses of study</li>
    <li>To expose students to the intricacies of work-life</li>
    <li>To prepare students for gainful employment after graduation</li>
</ul>
   <h:outputLink id="Op"></h:outputLink><span>Operations [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>     
       
        <p align="justify">The Work-Study Program is wholly operated by the University.</p>
<p align="justify">Guidelines for its operation are laid down by  the Committee on Work-Study Program in 
    conjunction with the  Vice-Chancellor's Advisory Committee on Work Study Program. The  guidelines 
    are implemented by the WSP Secretariat which is also  responsible for the day-to-day administration of the programme.</p>
<p align="justify">Under the program. students are normally  placed in part-time work situations provided by the University
    of Lagos  Central Administration and other arms of the University of Lagos.</p>
<p align="justify">In the near future, students will also be placed with the following kinds of employers:</p>
<ul>
    <li>Private individuals or establishments located on the University Campus</li>
    <li>Outside organizations for employers located within Yaba Area (during week days)</li>
    <li>Outside organizations or employers beyond Yaba Area (during weekends).</li>
</ul>
<p align="justify">The Work-Study Program also provides for  the temporary full-time employment
    of students during vacations.  Complementary to the main objectives of WSP, graduating students
    are  also assisted in identifying prospective employers and prepared for job  interviews through 
    seminars and workshops.</p>

<h:outputLink id="EfP"></h:outputLink><span>Eligibility for Participation [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
<p align="justify">Participation in WSP is open to all  matriculated undergraduate and postgraduate students pursuing full-time 
    courses at the University of Lagos. Other conditions for participation  are stated separately under Registration Participation
    Procedure, Rules  and Regulations. and Code of Conduct Ethics of Participation.</p>
<h:outputLink id="RP"></h:outputLink><span>Registration Participation Procedure [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
<p align="justify">To participate in the programme, a student is  required to complete an application form obtainable from the WSP  
    Secretariat. The application form requires information on personal data,  type of job the student is interested in, the time of 
    day or free  periods he or she is available to work and other data. Completed  applications are to be returned to the WSP Secretariat 
    for processing. A  student is normally interviewed to establish his or her suitability for  the job applied for. Interviews are conducted
    by the WSP operational  staff and members of the WSP Committee. A student who is successful at  the interview will be given a letter of 
    employment and be required to  sign a bond before assumption of duties.</p>
<h:outputLink id="Rem"></h:outputLink><span>Remuneration/Mode of Payment [ <h:outputLink value="#top">top</h:outputLink>]</span>
<p align="justify">A student-worker is paid a reasonable hourly  wage, depending on the level of skill required or the nature of 
    the job  itself. This rate is subject to periodic reviews. A student worker is  normally paid on a weekly basis. He or she is 
    required to complete a  time sheet in which the number of hours worked during the week is  indicated. The information so given
    is attested to by the Supervisor and  the Head of Department where the student worker is engaged. <br></br>
This Time-Sheet is submitted along with the Weekly Evaluation  Form and Report to the Work-Study Secretariat on
Wednesdays for further  processing; and wages are collected from the Bursary (Cash Office) on  Fridays.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
 </div>
        <td>
            <table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style=" background-image: url('images/index_29b.jpg'); background-repeat:  repeat-x">
                <tr>
                    <td width="5%"><h:graphicImage value="images/spacer1.gif" width="57" height="20"></h:graphicImage></td>
                    <td width="85%">&nbsp;</td>
                    <td width="11%"><div align="right"><h:graphicImage value="images/spacer1.gif" width="120" height="20"></h:graphicImage></div></td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td>&nbsp;</td>
                    <td><table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                            <tr>
                                <td width="17%" valign="top"><table width="160" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                                        <tr>
                                            <td colspan="2" class="footerheader">About Us</td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Principal Officers</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Welcome Address</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Vision and Mission</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Our History</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Administration</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Registrar</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Principal Officers</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Bursary</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Student Affairs</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>    
                                    </table>
                                </td>
                                <td width="18%" valign="top"><table width="170" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                                        <tr>
                                            <td colspan="2" class="footerheader">Communities</td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Professional Bodies</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr> 
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Academic Planning Unit</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr> 
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Staff Training Center</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Staff School</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr> 
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Community Pharmacy</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr> 
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Security Center</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr> 
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">GST</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr> 
                                        
                                    </table>
                                    
                                </td>
                                
                                <td width="18%" valign="top"><table width="170" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                                        <tr>
                                            <td colspan="2" class="footerheader">Academics</td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">College of Medicine</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Faculties</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">School of Post Graduate Studies</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Academic Program</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Academic Calender</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                    </table>
                                    
                                </td>
                                
                                <td width="14%" valign="top"><table width="130" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                                        <tr>
                                            <td colspan="2" class="footerheader">Media</td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Latest News</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Archived News</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Notices</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Magazine</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">FAQ</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Downloads</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                    </table>
                                    
                                </td>
                                
                                <td width="19%" valign="top"><table width="170" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                                        <tr>
                                            <td colspan="2" class="footerheader">Publications</td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Register for the Research Conference</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">View Publications</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Search Publications</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                    </table>
                                    
                                </td>
                                
                                <td width="14%" valign="top"><table width="110" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                                        <tr>
                                            <td colspan="2" class="footerheader">Contact Us</td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                        <tr>
                                            <td width="2%"><h:graphicImage value="images/bullet.gif" width="11" height="5"></h:graphicImage></td>
                                            <td width="98%" height="19" class="footercontent"><h:outputLink value="#">Contact Details</h:outputLink></td>
                                        </tr>
                                        
                                    </table>
                                    
                                </td>
                                
                            </tr>
                            
                        </table>
                        
                    </td>
                    <td valign="top"><h:graphicImage value="images/socialnt.jpg" width="100" height="100" usemap="#map2"></h:graphicImage></td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td colspan="3"><h:graphicImage value="images/spacer1.gif" width="120" height="20"></h:graphicImage></td>
                </tr>
                
                <tr>
                    <td>&nbsp;</td>
                    <td><table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
                            <tr>
                                <td width="10%" class="footer">Contact</td> 
                                <td width="15%" class="footer">Privacy</td> 
                                <td width="15%" class="footer">Terms of Use</td> 
                                <td width="39%" class="footer">Accessibility</td> 
                                <td width="40%" class="footer"><div align="right">powered by Enesoft Technologies 2013</div></td> 
                            </tr>
                            
                        </table>
                        
                    </td>
                    <td>&nbsp;</td>
                </tr>
            </table>
        </td>
            
        <map name="Map2"> 
            <area shape="rect" coords="38,5,80,47" href="#"></area><area shape="rect" coords="41,50,80,92" href="http://twitter.com/unilag_1962" target="blank"></area>
        </map>
    </h:body>
</html>

